README.md, before:

# AuthCentral

Master build: [![Build Status](http://fswjenkins01.foodservicewarehouse.com:8080/buildStatus/icon?job=build_voltron_docs)](http://fswjenkins01.foodservicewarehouse.com:8080/job/build_voltron_docs/)

![openid_certified](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1454075/7611268/4d19de32-f97b-11e4-895b-31b2455a7ca6.png)

[Certified](http://openid.net/certification/) OpenID Connect implementation.

## Overview ##

A .NET/Katana-based server implementing single sign-on and access control for modern web applications 
and APIs using OpenID Connect and OAuth2 protocols.

A bigger picture: 
* [Secure Token Service - big picture](https://identityserver.github.io/Documentation/docs/overview/bigPicture.html)
* [Intro Video to OpenID Connect, OAuth2 and IdentityServer](http://www.ndcvideos.com/#/app/video/2651)

[OpenID Connect specification](http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html) / [OAuth2 specification](http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749 "OAuth2 specification")

* uses for MembershipReboot, backed by MongoDB, as the user store
* uses for MongoDB persistence of configuration
* support for additional Katana authentication middleware (e.g. Google, Twitter, Facebook etc)
* support for WS-Federation

## Dev Environment Setup ##

In order to run the application, some setup is required...

1. First you need the web certificate store.  The easiest way to get it is to install IIS through the `Turn Windows Features On or Off`.  
   It can be found by typing `turn windows features` after first pressing the windows key.  Once on the Windows Features screen scroll
   to `Internet Information Services`, then `World Wide Web Services` and check the box.  Expand `World Wide Web Services`, then expand
   `Security` and make sure `Centrialized SSL Certificate Support` is checked.  Save the settings.
2. Using the Certificates snapin in the mmc, import the ssl certificate found here:  [local-fsw.com.pfx](http://gitlab.fsw.com/ansible/fsw.cert/raw/master/files/local-fsw.com.pfx)
   The password for the certificate is found in the [local.yml file](http://gitlab.fsw.com/ansible/fsw.cert/blob/master/vars/local.yml#L5)
3. Bind the installed fsw.com certificate to the dev port 44333 so this is the cert that is used when
   running locally  The following must be run from a CMD prompt running as administrator.

```bash
netsh http delete sslcert ipport=0.0.0.0:44333
netsh http add sslcert ipport=0.0.0.0:44333 appid={12345678-db90-4b66-8b01-88f7af2e36bf} certhash=656de34b45066d8fc9d88a3952082a6121f80c82 certstorename=webhosting
```

4. In order to avoid the need to run visual studio as administrator, run the following commands in an administrator command prompt:

```
PS C:\Windows\system32> netsh http add urlacl url="https://+:44333/" user =Everyone
URL reservation successfully added

PS C:\Windows\system32> netsh http add urlacl url="http://+:8080/" user =Everyone
URL reservation successfully added
```

5. At this point you will need an entry in your hosts file.  As an administrator, open notepad.exe.  The hosts file is located at `c:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\hosts`. Add the following entry:

```
127.0.0.1	localhost auth1.local-fsw.com
```
At this point, you should be all set to run the app from visual studio.  Be sure to select the `web` command from the dropdown (not `iisexpress`)

## Related repositories ##
* [Identity Server](https://github.com/identityserver/IdentityServer3)
* [Access Token Validation](https://github.com/identityserver/IdentityServer3.AccessTokenValidation)
* [MembershipReboot support](https://github.com/identityserver/IdentityServer3.MembershipReboot)
* [WS-Federation plugin](https://github.com/identityserver/IdentityServer3.WsFederation)
* [Samples](https://github.com/IdentityServer/IdentityServer3.Samples)

Commit message:

Update instructions to reflect private key permissions issues on ssl certificate.

README.md, after:

# AuthCentral

Master build: [![Build Status](http://fswjenkins01.foodservicewarehouse.com:8080/buildStatus/icon?job=build_voltron_docs)](http://fswjenkins01.foodservicewarehouse.com:8080/job/build_voltron_docs/)

![openid_certified](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1454075/7611268/4d19de32-f97b-11e4-895b-31b2455a7ca6.png)

[Certified](http://openid.net/certification/) OpenID Connect implementation.

## Overview ##

A .NET/Katana-based server implementing single sign-on and access control for modern web applications 
and APIs using OpenID Connect and OAuth2 protocols.

A bigger picture: 
* [Secure Token Service - big picture](https://identityserver.github.io/Documentation/docs/overview/bigPicture.html)
* [Intro Video to OpenID Connect, OAuth2 and IdentityServer](http://www.ndcvideos.com/#/app/video/2651)

[OpenID Connect specification](http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html) / [OAuth2 specification](http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749 "OAuth2 specification")

* uses for MembershipReboot, backed by MongoDB, as the user store
* uses for MongoDB persistence of configuration
* support for additional Katana authentication middleware (e.g. Google, Twitter, Facebook etc)
* support for WS-Federation

## Dev Environment Setup ##

In order to run the application, some setup is required...


1. Using the Certificates snapin in the mmc, import the ssl certificate found here:  [local-fsw.com.pfx](http://gitlab.fsw.com/ansible/fsw.cert/raw/master/files/local-fsw.com.pfx)
   The password for the certificate is found in the [local.yml file](http://gitlab.fsw.com/ansible/fsw.cert/blob/master/vars/local.yml#L5)
   **NOTE**: In order to avoid permissions problems install the certificate in the `Personal` store on the `Local Computer`.  If you fail to do this, much debugging and crypto errors are in your future.
2. Bind the installed fsw.com certificate to the dev port 44333 so this is the cert that is used when running locally  The following must be run from a CMD prompt running as administrator.

        netsh http delete sslcert ipport=0.0.0.0:44333
        netsh http add sslcert ipport=0.0.0.0:44333 appid={12345678-db90-4b66-8b01-88f7af2e36bf} certhash=656de34b45066d8fc9d88a3952082a6121f80c82 certstorename=webhosting
3. In order to avoid the need to run visual studio as administrator, run the following commands in an administrator command prompt:

        PS C:\Windows\system32> netsh http add urlacl url="https://+:44333/" user =Everyone
        URL reservation successfully added

        PS C:\Windows\system32> netsh http add urlacl url="http://+:8080/" user =Everyone
        URL reservation successfully added
4. At this point you will need an entry in your hosts file.  As an administrator, open notepad.exe.  The hosts file is located at `c:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\hosts`. Add the following entry:

        127.0.0.1	localhost auth1.local-fsw.com

At this point, you should be all set to run the app from visual studio.  Be sure to select the `web` command from the dropdown (not `iisexpress`)

## Related repositories ##
* [Identity Server](https://github.com/identityserver/IdentityServer3)
* [Access Token Validation](https://github.com/identityserver/IdentityServer3.AccessTokenValidation)
* [MembershipReboot support](https://github.com/identityserver/IdentityServer3.MembershipReboot)
* [WS-Federation plugin](https://github.com/identityserver/IdentityServer3.WsFederation)
* [Samples](https://github.com/IdentityServer/IdentityServer3.Samples)
